a5380ee
Java programming

2efcde9
What is the difference between a while loop and a do-while loop in Java?
option: A while loop executes its statements at least once, whereas a do-while loop may not execute at all.
option: A while loop only executes its statements once, whereas a do-while loop can execute multiple times.
option: A while loop can only check for one condition, whereas a do-while loop can check for multiple conditions.
option dabfac4: A do-while loop executes its statements at least once, whereas a while loop may not execute at all.

2efcde9
What is the difference between a public and private access specifier in Java?
option: A public access specifier allows access to the member from any class, whereas a private access specifier restricts access to only the current class.
option: A public access specifier restricts access to only the current class, whereas a private access specifier allows access to the member from any class.
option: A public access specifier allows access to the member from any method, whereas a private access specifier restricts access to only the current method.
option dabfac4: A public access specifier allows access to the member from any class and method, whereas a private access specifier restricts access to only the current class and method.

b94d27b
In Java, the "==" operator compares the memory addresses of two objects.
option: True
option dabfac4: False

a5380ee
Python programming

2efcde9
What is the output of the following code?
x = [1, 2, 3]
print(x[2])
option: 1
option: 2
option dabfac4: 3
option: None of the above

2efcde9
What is the difference between a tuple and a list in Python?
option: A tuple is mutable, whereas a list is immutable.
option: A tuple can contain only integers, whereas a list can contain any data type.
option: A tuple is ordered, whereas a list is unordered.
option dabfac4: A tuple is immutable, whereas a list is mutable.

b94d27b
Python is a strongly typed language.
option: True
option dabfac4: False

88f7ace
Explain how you can use Python to read and write files. Provide examples of how to open a file, read its contents, and write data to it. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using Python for file I/O operations? Are there any special considerations or limitations to keep in mind when reading or writing files in Python?